# Simon Game

Welcome to the **Simon Game** project! This is a classic memory game where players need to repeat increasingly complex sequences of tones and lights. The game is built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery.

## Key Features
- **Interactive Gameplay**: Repeat the sequences of colors and sounds generated by the game.
- **Audio Feedback**: Different sounds for each color to enhance the gaming experience.
- **Dynamic Content Update**: Displays the current level and game status dynamically.
- **Responsive Design**: Styled with custom CSS for a visually appealing interface.

## Installation and Setup
To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Ashish-Chokhani/Simon-game.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Simon-game
   ```

3. Open `index.html` in your web browser to play the game.

## Project Structure
- sounds: Contains sound files for each color and the wrong answer sound.
  - `blue.mp3`
  - `green.mp3`
  - `red.mp3`
  - `yellow.mp3`
  - `wrong.mp3`
    
- index.html: The main HTML file for the game interface.
- game.js: JavaScript file containing the game logic.
- styles.css: CSS file for styling the game.

## How to Play
- Open the `index.html` file in a web browser.
- Press any key to start the game.
- The game will start with a single tone and light.
- Repeat the sequence by clicking the colored buttons.
- The game will add an additional tone and light to the sequence each round.
- Continue repeating the sequence as it gets longer and more complex.
- If you make a mistake, the game will display "Game Over" and you can restart by pressing any key.

## Contribution
We welcome contributions! Feel free to fork the repository, make changes, and submit a pull request.

